{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red52\green52\blue52;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10500\viewh12960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 As the assignment was left incomplete by the deadline, a temporary grade of zero has been placed in order to reflect the impact the missing assignment will have on your class grade. \'a0
\b This grade can be replaced when your assignment is complete!
\b0  \'a0Just send me an email when you're done and I'll update the grade.\
\
-Isaac
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Hi Margaret,\
\
I'm happy to help!  Computers are converting each residual to a standardized z-score.  To use StatCrunch, first import the data like I did in Picture 1.  Picture 2 just shows the next button to push.  \
\
We're doing ANOVA, so we need Picture 3's menu path.  We need to select all the variables, so Picture 4 shows ctrl shift clicking all the variables.  Before we leave the menu, we need to save the residuals.  That's the option highlighted in Picture 5.  \
\
Once you have the residuals, you'll want to put them all in one column, like I did in Picture 6.  We're making a Q-Q plot (standardized residuals), so the menu path for that graphic is found in Picture 7.  In Picture 8, just select the residuals you just made a column of.  To match the graph in the options, choose the option of Picture 9.  Finally, hitting Compute!  Will give you the correct graphic (Picture 10).\
\
Sorry for so many steps - that's the shortest way I could make a graphic that matches their options.  The ANOVA procedure outputs a Q-Q plot but the x and y axes are reversed, making it difficult to see the correct graph.\
\
I hope this helps!  Probably the toughest graphic to get out of this course.\
\
-Isaac\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\
59.81\
Hi Tyler,\
\
Great job! \'a0I've gone through your sixth assignment and had some feedback for you.\
\
You're right to hesitate about interpreting the y-intercept in\'a0
\b question 8
\b0 . \'a0However, since the data set has x = 0, we can interpret the value since the y-intercept occurs where x = 0. \'a0x = 0 is not outside our data set.\
\
We shouldn't use the model to predict for two colas per day in\'a0
\b question 10
\b0  because the x-variable is measured in colas\'a0per week. \'a0Two per day means x = 14, and x = 14 is outside the range of x-values that you have. \'a0To interpret outside our range is to extrapolate, and extrapolation is frowned upon because it's so unpredictable.\
\
The correct scatterplot in\'a0
\b question 14
\b0  can be obtained by using the Regression menu option in StatCrunch - just make sure to select it as an output option before hitting "Compute!". \'a0Once we've obtained the scatterplot, we see a fairly straight line, meaning a linear relationship is appropriate. \'a0However, when we check the residuals, they make a u-shaped pattern. \'a0Residual plots should be random if a linear model is appropriate. \'a0Therefore, we conclude that the model is inappropriate and refrain from using it.\
\
Keep up the great work! \'a0Please let me know if you have any questions over these problems or over the future problems you work on in homework. \'a0Make sure to be studying for the final, and let me know if you have any questions there, too!\
\
-Isaac\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
55.89\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa80\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Hi Ashley,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb4 You did well on this assignment! \'a0I had some feedback for you:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb4 On\'a0question 4, we call height the explanatory variable because researchers sugested height predicts head circumference, not the other way around. \'a0The explanatory variable is always the variable that predicts the other variable in the study.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb4 The slope of a regression equation tells us how much y value we expect to change for each one increase in x. \'a0Since the slope of\'a0question 8 is -0.0501, we expect a decrease of 0.0501 for each one increase in x.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb4 To predict bone marrow density for four colas in\'a0
\b question 10
\b0 , we use x = 4 and plug it into the equation:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 y = -0.0029x + 0.8862\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 y = -0.0029(4) + 0.8862\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 y = -0.0116 + 0.8862\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 y =\'a00.8746\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb4 We check residual plots to ensure randomness of the residuals. \'a0If they're not random, we violate the assumptions of a linear model. \'a0In\'a0
\b question 13
\b0 , the residual plot is fairly scattered, assuring us the linear model is appropriate. \'a0Also, the coefficient of determination (r^2) always tells us what percentage of the variance is explained by the model.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb4 Keep up the good work! \'a0Please do let me know if you still have questions over any of these problems or the questions in the future. \'a0I'll be happy to help in whatever way that I can!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb4 -Isaac\cb1 \
\
\
\
\
\
19.40\
\cb4 Hi Daniel,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb4 It looks like you were able to start this assignment, but perhaps ran out of time. \'a0You answered a few questions. \'a0Were you stumped on how to calculate some of these linear regression equations? \'a0If there's something I can do to help, please let me know! \'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb4 StatCrunch is critical this week. \'a0Make sure to get familiar with those procedures for the final. \'a0Let me know when you've completed this assignment and I'll replace the grade here, too!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb4 -Isaac\cb1 \
}